Add info on canonical url (#5065)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/index.md

});
```

> The `path` and `url` property will be set to the value of the canoncial element on your page. If a canonical element is not set, the values will be set from the browser. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment sets the `path` and `url` property to the value of the canonical element on your page. If a canonical element is not set, the values will be set from the browser. 
```
